Examples (#1643)
kyma-project/busola: examples/resources/README.md

# Resources

## Overview

> The `resources` example showcases the Busola's extensibility feature with k8s resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `resources` example showcases the Busola's extensibility feature with the Kubernetes resources.
```

The `configuration` directory consists of Config Maps that store the information about the extensibility configuration for specific resources.

The `samples.yaml` file includes the examples of the above resources.

## Installation

> To test the extensibility feature using the resources examples, simply upload any of the YAML files from the `configuration` and `samples` directory to your cluster. To upload all the resources use the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test the extensibility feature using the resources examples, upload any of the YAML files from the `configuration` and `samples` directory to your cluster. To upload all the resources use the following commands:
```

1. Create a `resources` Namespace and apply the Config Maps and CRDs:

```bash
kubectl create namespace resources && kubectl apply -f configuration/ --recursive
```

2. Apply the `samples.yaml` file:

```bash

> ubectl apply -f samples/ --recursive

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kubectl apply -f samples/ --recursive
```

```

> After uploading the files, refresh the browser. You should see new items in the left-side navigation. Remember that EXTENSIBILITY feature [needs to be enabled](./../../docs//features.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After uploading the files, refresh the browser. You should see new items in the left-side navigation.
>**NOTE:** Remember [to enable the extensibility feature](./../../docs//features.md).
```
